Added CollectionView ItemSwipe (#883)
telerik/maui-docs: controls/collectionview/item-swipe/item-swipe-events.md

---
title: Item Swipe Events
page_title: .NET MAUI CollectionView Documentation - Item Swipe Events
description: Review the Telerik UI for .NET MAUI CollectionView Item Swipe Events.
position: 1
slug: collectionview-item-swipe-events
tags: item-swipe, collectionview, swiping, events
---

## .NET MAUI CollectionView Swiping Events

The following `RadCollectionView` events are related to the item swiping feature:

> - `SwipeStarting`&mdash;Occurs when item is about to be swiped. The event arguments are of the `CollectionViewSwipeStartingEventArgs` type that provides the following properties:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `SwipeStarting`&mdash;Occurs when an item is about to be swiped. The event arguments are of the `CollectionViewSwipeStartingEventArgs` type that provides the following properties:
```

  - `Item`(`object`)&mdash;The item that will be swiped.
  - `Cancel`(`bool`)&mdash;If you set this value to `false`, the swiping will be canceled.
- `Swiping`&mdash;Occurs while the user is swiping the item. The event arguments are of the `CollectionViewSwipingEventArgs` type that provides the following properties:
  - `Item`(`object`)&mdash;The item that is being swiped.
  - `Offset`(`double`)&mdash;The offset of the swiped item from its initial position.

> - `SwipeCompleted`&mdash;Occurs when swiping of an item is completed. The event arguments are of the `CollectionViewSwipeCompletedEventArgs` type that provides the following properties:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `SwipeCompleted`&mdash;Occurs when the swiping of an item is completed. The event arguments are of the `CollectionViewSwipeCompletedEventArgs` type that provides the following properties:
```

>   - `Item`(`object`)&mdash;The item that has been swiped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `Item`(`object`)&mdash;The item that was swiped.
```
